---
title: May 11th, 2021
---

## Content Ideas
### Keep your message simpler
#### One of the biggest problems in marketing today is that too many brands are trying to say too much. One brand stands out because it always does less, and does it very, very well: Apple. #capture
### Say meningfull stuff
#### Less is more. Apple doesn't try to say everything. It says what matters, and says it very well. #capture
### Stop trying to do everything
#### Everyone loves a brand that knows what it’s good at, and does it. Apple is a perfect example. It doesn't need to do much - just wowing us with great products. This is exactly what you want to be as a brand. Stop trying to do everything – it shows in your marketing. Focus on your niche, do it well, and you'll succeed. #capture
### ETC
## Brand
### Brand 1
#### I help Health brands grow a community with simple content strategy
### Brand 2
#### Helping content creators be productive with simple systems
## I understand my problem #capture #reflect
### I know what to do
### yet when time comes I have an urge to indulge in dopamine activities
#### fiction
#### imagination
#### music
#### etc
### This distracts me from my work
### and I end up feeling horrible when I'm finished with those activities
### It's the lack of focus when I have my urges to handle
## [[dain's course - instagram academy]]
## My brand thoughts
### Who I am
#### I help brands focused on "quality of life" grow online #capture
##### -> Coffee bean cafe brand
##### -> Mental health
### What I do things
#### I mix nature-inspired design with fun educational stories #capture
#### I interact with my fans like a human #capture
##### building meaningful connections
### How
#### Make a simple post
####
####
