---
title: May 13th, 2021
---

## Keep your message simple and straight to the point
:PROPERTIES:
:id: 609cb7a2-7057-4cb8-966d-fe164044fab0
:END:
### {{embed ((609bc98b-c273-49c7-8f68-5b30330d53d9)) }}
### v1 #capture #[[insta content]]
####
## Use a representative to do thy bidding
:PROPERTIES:
:id: 609cfebc-721b-4a26-951a-39a77fd5cbdb
:END:
### engadget, linus tech tips, linus review
### v1 #capture #[[insta content]]
#### Let somebody do thy bidding
#### Ever wanted to gain the same amount of engagement as personal brands?
#### Find a representative!
#### What do these brands have in common?
##### - one dollar shave club, linus tech review, engadget
#### You guessed it, a representative
##### -
#### They handle all the interaction with your audience
#### while your team can focus on making better products
#### A representative needs a personality, it could be your marketing buddy
#### Or it can even be you!
## Know thy audience
###
### v1 #capture #[[insta content]]
#### I initially started with ((609cb7a2-7057-4cb8-966d-fe164044fab0))
#### Than I realized it's not what my audience needs
#### Health and smartphones?
#### Instead I thoughts what would a fitness couch want? or a Eco product brand be interested in?
#### An eco product?
#### Every ecommerce has trouble being authantic.
#### Personal brands blow them away in engagement and growth.
#### What to do?
#### Use a representative!
#### That's how my posts was made
## Backlinks in sketch note
### Idea #capture #[[app idea]]
#### sync tagged images to the tag within the zettl app
#### all sketches are shown within the tag pages
#### How?
##### v1 - parallel to the main content body but not in sidebar
##### THIS -> v2 - mixed with notes, everything ordered by date
###### An icon to show from what app everything is show
### I can capture notes but what about sketches?
### I want to have a way to have the backlink power in my sketching app
### The ability to organise notes with backlinks and tags is powerful
### My workflow
#### note
##### just capture ideas in daily journal
##### than see all the results in the capture tag with filtering
##### insta content, app ideas, etc
#### images
##### just tagging them seems to work...
##### Just tag with the type - insta, Yt, etc
##### than add the post name to remmember by
##### every sketch will be used for that only
##### Now I feel silly
## Dad's work
### one
#### изготовление полистиролбетона
#### размеры - 60x30x20, 60x30x10
#### Работаем без выходных
#### образци/консультация - бесплатно
##
